ALL
--------
Which of the following is TRUE about entity set
which is/are a/the console commands in nuget from the following?
What are the different types of development approaches in EF?
What are the benifits of POCO?
Which of the following are the three parts of ENtity Framework ?
Which of the following statements are TRUE?(MULTIPLE ANS) I.edmx file is an XML.file
which of the following is true about overlapping keys?
Which of the following mapping is supported by Fluent Api?
choose handle error attribute globaly
Which of the following is a way to install/download a Nuget in your system?
Which of the following methods make entity framework fro detecting changes automatically?
Which of the following option is correct about Navigation Property
ObjectContext mainly used for which of the following ?
which of the following loading is supported by Entity framework?
where can CLR functions be used
In Model We can keep Which of the following
What are Entity state members
The controller class is responsible for the following processing stages:
Whenever a user searches for a product on the web page
Which of the following is TRUE about entity set
which is/are a/the console commands in nuget from the following?
which of the following is true about overlapping keys?

FALSE
--------
IOC stands for inversion of constraint
in TDD, we develop the code first which is then followed by testing
In a Entity Framework application, mapping metadata is not loaded from an.msl file.
Conceptual model properties are not same as the properties created in .edmx file
dependencyresolver() is destructor?
Machine.config,contains settings that apply to an entire Network

BOTH
--------
TDD code should be
What does a cache profile do?
Which of the following require type-casting in the view?
analyse the link:- "http://localhost/music/".
What does LINQ to SQL do:

NOTES
---------
MSL - Mapping Specification Language
IIS - Internet Information Services
SSDL - Store Schema Definition Language
CSDL - Conceptual Schema Definition Language
which of the following class object is used for manipulatiing entity and trigger the changes while insert,delete and update on the entity? - DBContext
Which of the following object is used to query and modify data? - ObjectContext
Views are used to control placement of_______. - object
The_________ class provides facilites for querying and - objectcontext

--------
Keyword

});});
DatabaseGeneratedOption
Compare
Sample_one
actionName
”value=”System.Data.Entity
Roles="Admin"
loose coupling 
db.Friends.Include
Advice him to use partial views
ctx.students.sqlquery
if(Request.IsAuthenticated)
nonclustered, reorganizing different
MapToStoredProcedure
ACt HO
--------
-ve

DataCompression
less error prone
calling and called object different
AfterLoad function of JavaScript use
It can be used to store large image types.
field level principle
Execute method is to create a new delegate to represent the compiled query.
Linq to objects
they are inherited from another user defined stored procedure
SQL server keeps the stored procedures & triggers in compiled form for future execution
Database file name shouuld not be more than 8 characters
the selected rows.
ability to access SQL server using TCP/IP
Do not use javascript XSS
The argument values are enclosed in paranthesis
The function maps the database into a set of partitions.